C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.deps.json
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.dll
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.pdb
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.dll
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.pdb
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.Views.dll
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.Views.pdb
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.TagHelpers.input.cache
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.TagHelpers.output.cache
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\List.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\About.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.Views.pdb
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\Details.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\Apply.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\sadikturan\Desktop\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\Thanks.g.cshtml.cs
C:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.deps.json
C:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.dll
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.pdb
C:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.Views.dll
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.Views.pdb
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\Apply.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\List.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Course\Thanks.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\About.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.Views.pdb
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.dll
c:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.pdb
C:\Users\atk_e\Desktop\course\15-Styling Content\CourseApp\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CourseApp.csproj.CopyComplete
